Are you blind?
I can't even tell.
You are kicked out
Don't worry, I will.
Treat yourself like your own daughter
Sign it.
I don't need a useless husband Mengmeng
I don't need a useless father
He follows you.
It will only become a little waste that feeds him
Mom, don't divorce dad
I will never make you angry again.
No, money, fame and fortune
Is it better than giving Mengmeng
Is a complete home more important?
For me
Extraordinarily important
And Mengmeng follows me
It must be a thousand times better than following you.
1,400 is expensive because you are too useless.
International School
Travel abroad
What can you give Mammy for designer clothes?
You want Mammy to grow up like you
Nod and bow to others?
Wake up. Okay.
I'm waiting for a dream
I sign dad, you can't sign
Well, Dad can't give you a whole family anymore
Follow your mother well in the future
Dad doesn't want you either.
Ah!
Emperor, do me a favor
Send the favor back
I still have something to deal with
I can't do it. The evening banquet is approved
You little thing
Don't you have eyes?
Your father will never be good at my shoes.
You can't even afford it.
Sorry, I was wrong.
If you do something wrong, you will be punished.
Get over here
No no no